ArcSight Logger change status code in logout (#13030)
demisto/content: Packs/ArcSightLogger/ReleaseNotes/1_0_3.md

#### Integrations
##### ArcSight Logger

> - Maintenance and stability enhancements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix an issue where successful logout returned "logout failed" for some versions of ArcSight Logger.
```

> - Fix an issue where successful logout returned "logout failed" for some versions of ArcSight Logger.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fix an issue where a successful logout would return "logout failed" for some versions of ArcSight Logger.
```
